WE went to BYTECORP (software house) for final project visit, 
we are asked to visit a company and do the following things written in the "project guidelines" file, 

here are the notes we created after visiting BYTECORP: 

MARKETING PROCESS: 
sends sales team for marketing, 
Showcases the products for lead generation, 
also through PPC, plus fiverr and upwork. 

HIRING PROCESS: 
First goal: find resources in house, then post jobs on forums, 
Interview process: 3-4 intervies\ws and 1 test, tests architecttural prreview viia interview. 
Requirements: theoritical knowledge, problem solving skills, high level concepts of backend/ frontend.
Favours human generated code
most newbies are disabled without AI.
behavioural plus psychological queestions in onterview.

PROJECT LIFE CYCLE:
A lead is generated
High level breakdown of proocess
gets personna, high level requirements
then timeline is generated
then statement of work,
Contract can be of six months, recurring, payables per hour, etc.
designs5 team is connected with products
the design is tested.

TEAMS: 
Development team
AI team
Data team
DEvOPs team
Q/A team (manual and automation engineerirs)
Design team
Testing team

BUDGETING:
most companies maintain bench resources.
10% of venue is used in bench resources.

FINANCIAL RISKS:
if whole company works on 1-2 clients.
over investing.
not maintaining a sustainable growth model.

FINANCIAL LOSSES:
Device theft/ Data theft.
They have security protocols like FIR and DIsaster recovery
also have VIrtual/ digital security systems.

NETWORK MONITORING:
firewalls
VPNs
AUthenticated/ whitelisted devices

ISSUES: 
Most of the work in bytecorp is overseas, so timeozne is a big issue.
Transparency and communication challenge.
Expectancy issue.
Wars and pandemic issues.

Q: ANY TRAINING PROGRAMS?
yes, via:
Linkedin
Udeme
Microsoft certifications

Q: HOW DO YOU EVALUATE EMPLOYEES PERFORMANCE?
via: 
Google forms (evaluated by teammmates and managers.
technical competancy - 60%
soft skills - 40%

Q: HOW DO THEY MEASURE SUCCES?
by:  
reach of the page.

Q: HOW DO THEY HANDLE UNEXPECTED CHALLENGES LIKE INTERNET AND POWER ISSUES?
ans: 
they have Solar panels system,
main internet connection,
Backup internet connection,
UG internet connection,
UK ans\d GERMANY teams can handle problems too.

Q: WHO PLANS THE PROJECT?
ans:
Architects (senior engineers)

SALARY: 
both performance based and design based.
Snacks and tea is provided by the company.

Q: WHERE DO YOU SEE THIS COMPANY IN 5 YEARS?
ans:
They started with only three employees in a singke room,
after six years there are 60-70 people.
started with one project,
now have 6-7 projects actively.

They also have investors and partnerships.





this is the Project guidelines file:


Final Project Guidelines - Introduction to Management
Fall 2024
Grading: 20 Marks
Deliverables: Class-room Presentation and Formal Report
Deadline: 3rd June, 2025
Objective:
The final project encouraged students to apply theoretical knowledge to practical scenarios,
focusing on the core concepts of management learned in class.
Project Contents:
The project should cover at least four topics/concepts from the list of topics/concepts that we
studied in the classroom.
1. Process of Management: Analyze the management process of any one department, for
example, human resources, finance, supply chain, marketing, IT at your targeted
company or business.
2. Management Skills in Action: Assess how conceptual, human, and technical skills are
applied in a specific department. You may select any one department, such as human
resources, finance, supply chain, marketing, and IT, at your targeted company or
business.
3. Understanding Environments: Evaluate an organization's task environment
(customers, competitors, suppliers, labor market) and general environment
(technological, sociocultural, economic, legal/political, natural, and international
factors).
4. Corporate culture: The internal environment of a company is studied by analyzing its
culture through symbols, stories, heroes, slogans, and values.
5. Going Global: Assess and explain how your target company or business can go global
(e.g., exporting, joint ventures, franchising).
6. Cultural and Communication Differences: How does your targeted organization deal
with the challenges of cultural and communication differences in local and global
environments?
7. Ethics and Social Responsibility: What are the practices of your target company or
business in managing ethics and social responsibility?
8. Adapting to Uncertainty: How does your target company or business respond to
environmental uncertainty? Support using an example of an event.
Project Deliverables:
1. Report:
o Length: 8-12 pages (excluding title, table of content page, and self-assessment).
o Executive summary of the project
o Detailed content of the project
o Conclusion
Note: If you have used AI tools to assist in drafting your report, you are required to include
your own rewritten version of the content using underlined text, as demonstrated in class.
For grading purposes, your own version will be critically assessed and should clearly
demonstrate your understanding, logical reasoning, and critical thinking skills.
2. Presentation:
o Duration: 10-15 minutes.
o Visual aids: Power point slides
o Q&A: Related to the project.
3. Self-Assessment:
o A one-page reflection on contributions, learning, and team collaboration should
be included in this report and presentation.
Assessment Criteria:
Criteria Weightage
Application of Taught Concepts 30%
Research and Analysis 25%
Creativity and Originality 20%
Presentation Skills 15%
Teamwork and Collaboration 10%
Key Milestones:
1. Report Submission Deadline: Submit the final report and slides by 3
rd June, 2025.
2. Final Presentations: Presentations will be made on 3
rd June, 2025.
3. The delays in report submission will lead to deduction in marks.
Support and Guidance:
• Utilize a coursebook for reference. New Era of Management. Richard L. Daft, 11th
edition.


write the report for me.